.so man3/qdomprocessinginstruction.3qt
 "5 August 2004" "Trolltech AS" \" -*- nroff -*-
.\" Copyright 1992-2001 Trolltech AS.  All rights reserved.  See the
.\" license file included in the distribution for a complete license
.\" statement.
.\"
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QDomProcessingInstruction \- Represents an XML processing instruction
.SH SYNOPSIS
All the functions in this class are reentrant when Qt is built with thread support.</p>
.PP
\fC#include <qdom.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits QDomNode.
.PP
.SS "Public Members"
.in +1c
<li class=fn>\fBQDomProcessingInstruction\fR () <li class=fn>\fBQDomProcessingInstruction\fR ( const QDomProcessingInstruction & x ) <li class=fn>QDomProcessingInstruction & \fBoperator=\fR ( const QDomProcessingInstruction & x ) <li class=fn>\fB~QDomProcessingInstruction\fR () <li class=fn>virtual QString \fBtarget\fR () const <li class=fn>virtual QString \fBdata\fR () const <li class=fn>virtual void \fBsetData\fR ( const QString & d ) <li class=fn>virtual QDomNode::NodeType \fBnodeType\fR () const <li class=fn>virtual bool \fBisProcessingInstruction\fR () const
.in -1c
.SH DESCRIPTION
The QDomProcessingInstruction class represents an XML processing instruction.
.PP
Processing instructions are used in XML to keep processor-specific information in the text of the document.
.PP
The content of the processing instruction is retrieved with data() and set with setData(). The processing instruction's target is retrieved with target().
.PP
For further information about the Document Object Model see http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-DOM-Level-1/ and http://www.w3.org/TR/DOM-Level-2-Core/. For a more general introduction of the DOM implementation see the QDomDocument documentation.
.PP
See also XML.
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.SH "QDomProcessingInstruction::QDomProcessingInstruction ()"
Constructs an empty processing instruction. Use QDomDocument::createProcessingInstruction() to create a processing instruction with content.
.SH "QDomProcessingInstruction::QDomProcessingInstruction ( const QDomProcessingInstruction & x )"
Constructs a copy of \fIx\fR.
.PP
The data of the copy is shared (shallow copy): modifying one node will also change the other. If you want to make a deep copy, use cloneNode().
.SH "QDomProcessingInstruction::~QDomProcessingInstruction ()"
Destroys the object and frees its resources.
.SH "QString QDomProcessingInstruction::data () const\fC [virtual]\fR"
Returns the content of this processing instruction.
.PP
See also setData() and target().
.SH "bool QDomProcessingInstruction::isProcessingInstruction () const\fC [virtual]\fR"
Returns TRUE.
.PP
Reimplemented from QDomNode.
.SH "QDomNode::NodeType QDomProcessingInstruction::nodeType () const\fC [virtual]\fR"
Returns ProcessingInstructionNode.
.PP
Reimplemented from QDomNode.
.SH "QDomProcessingInstruction & QDomProcessingInstruction::operator= ( const QDomProcessingInstruction & x )"
Assigns \fIx\fR to this processing instruction.
.PP
The data of the copy is shared (shallow copy): modifying one node will also change the other. If you want to make a deep copy, use cloneNode().
.SH "void QDomProcessingInstruction::setData ( const QString & d )\fC [virtual]\fR"
Sets the data contained in the processing instruction to \fId\fR.
.PP
See also data().
.SH "QString QDomProcessingInstruction::target () const\fC [virtual]\fR"
Returns the target of this processing instruction.
.PP
See also data().

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR http://doc.trolltech.com/qdomprocessinginstruction.html
.BR http://www.trolltech.com/faq/tech.html
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 1992-2001 Trolltech AS, http://www.trolltech.com.  See the
license file included in the distribution for a complete license
statement.
.SH AUTHOR
Generated automatically from the source code.
.SH BUGS
If you find a bug in Qt, please report it as described in
.BR http://doc.trolltech.com/bughowto.html .
Good bug reports help us to help you. Thank you.
.P
The definitive Qt documentation is provided in HTML format; it is
located at $QTDIR/doc/html and can be read using Qt Assistant or with
a web browser. This man page is provided as a convenience for those
users who prefer man pages, although this format is not officially
supported by Trolltech. 
.P
If you find errors in this manual page, please report them to
.BR qt-bugs@trolltech.com .
Please include the name of the manual page (qdomprocessinginstruction.3qt) and the Qt
version (3.3.3).
